I. Project Overview
    Homework 2, the Audio Visualizer overhaul. This program features a sleek darkmode display, paired with
    additional sprites and audio effects for a fun, minimal, and appealing visualization.

II. Audio Effect Nodes

    A. Audio Effect Node 1 - Bass
        1. Description: I added a Bass node to the app for the first additional audio effect.
        2. Parameters: Starting at the value 0, users can slide between -50 and 50 for this
           node. I found these values to be the best balance of fun and bearable.

    B. Audio Effect Node 2 - Treble
        1. Description: I added a Treble node to the app for the second additional audio effect.
        2. Parameters: Starting at the value 0, users can slide between -30 and 30 for this
           node. After continued testing, I found these values to be the most usable.

III. Sprite Information

    A. Class Name: MusicalSquare
    B. Appearance: The sprite's appear as squares matching in color to the background, they
       dynamically rotate and move around the screen.
    C. Functionality: The sprite's visualization functionality is implemented through scale,
       the frequency data is translated into a scalar the is applied to the sprites as they
       traverse the screenspace.

IV. App Data in av-data.json

    A. Within the av-data.json file, I store general app information, such as it's name, "Audio Visualizer",
       audioFiles, including the file name, track name, and track duration. I also store spriteData, namely
       the sprite's size property. I use this data to modularly set the sprite's size in canvas.js.

V. Aesthetics Improvement

    A. Description: I started by playing around with color schemes, and as a fan of the cyberpunk genre atmoshpere,
                    I opted for a cyberpunk-feeling gradient and color scheme. I also changed the overall site from
                    lightmode to darkmode. I centered the controls and contents on screen and improved buttons for 
                    easier usage and more appealing visuals. I also added two sprites that scale with the frequency.
    B. Self-Grade:  Personally, I think there is a lot more that I could have done to improve this visually. I couldn't
                    find the time, but also didn't manage my time the best, with my pre-break workload to properly
                    overhaul the visuals. For these reasons, I'd probably give my visual score a 7/15, or a 7%.